improvement: refactor from logdna/nodejs (#1)
logdna/logger-node: docs/migrating-from-other-versions.md

> # Migrating From Other Versions

Reviewer: does the different npm namespace and repository affect anyone who is upgrading?

Author: Slightly, but it's all NPM common knowledge.  They will install it via the new name, and when its used, it will use the new name.  But all of that is in the README (as `@logdna/logger`)

----

> This client is an improved version of [a previous one](https://github.com/logdna/nodejs).

Reviewer 2: would this file be a permanent addition to the readme- or just temporary- we could also make note of this in the readme/changelog

Author: Which part?  The part about old versions?  I've seen other packages talk about "migrating" at the top, and I've found that very up front and helpful.  I think the more we can disclose about our "new and old" versions, the less confusing it will be for people.

Can you explain what you mean?

Reviewer 2: I agree that we should be transparent about migrating repositories- I just wonder how long this particular file will stick around- and if there is another way to communicate this either in our README and CHANGELOG

Author: Oh, well it's already linked from the main README. I don't think the change log is as visible. We can always remove it down the road if migrating is no longer relevant.

We have changed the namespace and repository of this version for better continuity with other clients for our
product.

For most people, migrating to this from other versions will be relatively simple. The primary
breaking change is the removal of callbacks in the client, which have been replaced by `EventEmitter` events.
Other changes include the removal of cleanup functions for multiple client instances and the deprecation
of several configuration properties.

## Removal of Callbacks
The `log` method used to accept a callback, and that has been removed.  This shouldn't be a problem for most
upgrades since it was undocumented.  In any case, if you were using callbacks before, just move to using events.  
See below for examples.

## Log Instances are not Tracked

> The previous versions would track log instances created with `createLogger()` in a privately-scoped variable in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous versions tracked log instances created with `createLogger()` in a privately-scoped variable in the
```

Author: changed
